sql_input: Add `merge_results` feature to SQL Input package (#6922)
elastic/integrations: packages/sql_input/docs/README.md

For more examples of response format pelase refer [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/metricbeat-module-sql.html)

> ### Merge Results

Reviewer: Can we add few points around the restrictions. I assume here we cannot combine multiple table queries which provides entirely different response.

Author: It's already mentioned that it merges only if tables result in a single row. 
Are you mentioning something else here?

For more examples of response format pelase refer [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/metricbeat-module-sql.html)

### Merge Results

> Merge multiple queries to single event.
> 
> Multiple queries will create multiple events, one for each query.  It may be preferrable to create a single event by combining the metrics together in a single event.
> 
> This feature can be enabled using the `merge_results` config.
> 
> Merge Results can merge queries having response format as variable. 
> However, for queries with response format as table, a merge is possible only if each table query produces a single row.
> 
> For example, if we have 2 queries as below for postgresql. 
> 
> sql_queries:
>   - query: "SELECT blks_hit,blks_read FROM pg_stat_database limit 1;"
> 
>     response_format: table
>   - query: "select checkpoints_timed,checkpoints_req from pg_stat_bgwriter;"
> 
>     response_format: table
> 
> Merge results feature will create a combined event, where `blks_hit`, `blks_read`, `checkpoints_timed` and `checkpoints_req` are part of same event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Merge multiple queries into a single event.

Multiple queries will create multiple events, one for each query.  It may be preferable to create a single event by combining the metrics together in a single event.

This feature can be enabled using the `merge_results` config.

`merge_results` can merge queries having response format as "variable". 
However, for queries with a response format as "table", a merge is possible only if each table query produces a single row.

For example, if we have 2 queries as below for PostgreSQL:

sql_queries:
  - query: "SELECT blks_hit,blks_read FROM pg_stat_database limit 1;"
    response_format: table

  - query: "select checkpoints_timed,checkpoints_req from pg_stat_bgwriter;"
    response_format: table

The `merge_results` feature will create a combined event, where `blks_hit`, `blks_read`, `checkpoints_timed` and `checkpoints_req` are part of the same event.
```
